***Problem 4: Autocomplete with Trie***
**Requirement:**
 
- A TrieNode class that exposes the general functionality of the Trie, like inserting a word or finding the node which represents a prefix. 

**TrieNode Class**
- building block for the Trie - creates nodes 
- root node and children nodes that map the characters from a dictionary
- is_end_of_word() attribute is a boolean that indicates if the character / leaf-child node represents the end of a word
- Overall space complexity -  worst-case is linear - O(n) - where n is the total no of unique characters in the input word.
- Overall time complexity is O(n) - traverse and visit all nodes O(N), where N is total no of nodes + generate suffixes for each node and appending chars to the new nodes O(n), where n is no of unique characters in a word
 
 
*suffixes()
- recursively traverses the Trie, until it finds an end_of_word node
- returns a list with suffixes that can be made - space complexity is given by the space allocated for the list - O(n * length), n is no of words * no of characters each.
- Time complexity is given by the number of children a node has and the depth of the Trie it has to traverse. Since each node represents a character, the function traverses each node in the Trie -->> the time complexity is linear O(n)
- Space complexity overall is mainly given by the longest length of a word. The trie is visited once. Space complexity is linear O(n), number of nodes traversed / longest length of a word.
 
*insert()
- creates a new TrieNode child node instance and adds a new character to it
- time complexity is O(1) due to operations like checking the dictionary and adding key-value pairs
- spce complexity is linear O(n). no additional space will be required regardless how many instances of the nodes are inserted. the method does not store nodes.
 
 
**Trie Class**
- Overall time complexity is O(n) - n is total no' of nodes in subtree
- Space complexity is linear O(n). complexity is given by the number of unique characters inserted in words in Trie. The total number of nodes in the Trie is dependend on the total number of characters across all the words.
- instantiate a root node using the TrieNode class. serves as starting point for all operations


*insert()
- Time complexity is linear - O(L) where L is length of characters in the word inserted. // O(n)
- instantiate a root node
- spce complexity is linear O(n). no additional space will be required regardless how many instances of the nodes are inserted. the method does not store nodes.

 
*find()
- search for prefix in the Trie starting at root node, iterating troguh all existing nodes searching for an input character and checks  if that character is associated with an existing node. Traversal returns the corresponding node associated with the character if that exists in the Trie. If node (character associated with a node) doesn't exit the method returns None.
- If prefix is found, the last corresponding character/node of the input prefix is returned, and it serves as a starting point for further operation like autocompletion, by traversing the Trie from this point
- Time Complexity is linear - O(P) where P is the length of prefix. 
- Space complexityis O(n), where n is the length of the longest word.
 
*autocomplete_word()
- uses the find() method to locate the node corresponding to the end of input prefix.
- if prefix is found, returns the node corresponding to the last character in the prefix. 
- if prefix exists, it retrieves suffixes using suffixes() to generate a list with all possible suffixes that can be generated by using the chars in the subtree that roots/starts from the end node point of the prefix found. Suffixes() traverses recursively the Trie below the end node in the prefix and lists all completed words in all subroots/nodes - marked by end-of-word.
- the method taked generated sufixxes list and adds them to result[] that holds all possible completions for the input prefix.
- Time complexity is O(P+N) where P is the length of input prefix and N is the no of children in the prefix node. 
- Space complexity is gievn by the results_list and the method find() - O(L). the space required by the results_list is proportional to the suffixes generated / no of nodes in the Trie - O(n * length), n is the number of words * their individual length.
 